Importing direct LUNs from RHV (#416)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/migrating-virtual-machines-cli.adoc

* VMware only: You must have a VMware Virtual Disk Development Kit (VDDK) image in a secure registry that is accessible to all clusters.

> * {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) only: If you are migrating a virtual machine with a direct LUN disk, ensure that the nodes in the {virt} destination cluster that the VM is expected to run on can access the backend storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {rhv-full} ({rhv-short}) only: If you are migrating a virtual machine with a direct LUN disk, ensure that the nodes in the {virt} destination cluster that the VM is expected to run on, can access the back end storage.
```

Author: I don't think this comma makes the sentence clearer, so I think I'll pass.
